During their first spring break in college, Danial and Lily was taking a 
cruises staring from New York to Castaway Cay. During the journey, they 
enjoyed the recreational facilities on the cruise ship. Suddenly, some robbers
took control the ship and orders the captain change the route towards a 
desolated island - the dwarf bay.

When the hijackers of the ship first broadcasted their taking control, an unmanagable chaos spread through out cruise. Every one was up and running, half sacred and half confused. It seemed that over the course of one night, all the workers on the cruise-the custodians, the waiters, attendents, chefs-had disappeared. There was no one knows what on earth is going on. Around afternoon, a dense crowd started to form on the deck. Daniel and Lily, followed everyone to the deck as well. Suddently the crowd parted as several figures wearing army camo and white caps slowly walked to the center. They all carried rifles. Daniel recognized one of them as the bartender, who, like all the other workers on the cruise, went missing until now. 

Daniel realized, they were with the hijackers and this was all planned. The bartender, the head of the hijackers, announced that they're taking them to the dwarf bay to play a game. Whoever survives after 144 hours on the island gets the award and keeps their lives safe. Lily started to panicked as hearing these; however, Daniel was excited. Daniel has been practicing Kung-Fu and Taekwondo since little and has won several medals for his country, and now he could show off his skills and protect the girl he likes. Daniel said to Lily, "I'll protect you one we get to the island". 

That is when they see a helicoptor approaching them. Then there comes the broadcasting.

"My name is Alice. I worked for the Umbrella Corporation, the largest and most powerful commercial entity in the world. I was head of security at a secret high-tech facility, The Hive, a giant underground laboratory developing experimental viral weaponry. But there was an incident. The virus escaped and everybody died. Trouble was... they didn't stay dead."

Danial looks at Lily, whose eyes reminds him of eyes of deer in headlight. Her voice is trembling with fear, "Do you find this speech familiar?"

That does ring a bell. Danial remebers this speech from the broadcast from his favorite movie of all time: Resident Evil.

"But wait, this is just a movie not in reality." Danial talks to himeself. 

He slapped hard on his face and found out this is not just a dream. 

"What? We are going to the end of the world?" He shouted to everyone. 

That night, he got crazy. 

 
